📙 Next documentation improvements (#2244)
jupyter-book/jupyter-book: docs/start/init.md

---
title: Initialise a project
subtitle: Use the Jupyter Book CLI to quickly get started.
subject: Quickstart tutorial
---

:::{important} Objective

> The goal of this tutorial is to use the `jupyter book init` command to create a simple projectconsisting of a single MyST Markdown file.  

Author: ```suggestion
The goal of this tutorial is to use the `jupyter book init` command to create a simple project consisting of a single MyST Markdown file.  
```

  # keywords: []
  # authors: []
  # github:

>   # To autogenerate a table of contents, run "jupyter book init --write-toc"

Author: ```suggestion
  # To autogenerate a Table of Contents, run "jupyter book init --write-toc"
```
